README.md, before:

#[Fuel UX](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/)

Fuel UX extends [Bootstrap 3](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) with additional lightweight JavaScript controls. It is actively maintained by [members of ExactTarget, a salesforce.com company,](https://github.com/orgs/ExactTarget/people) with the support and involvement of the community.

All functionality is covered by the [live documentation](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/) and [unit tests](#automated-testing-status).

## Table of contents

 * [Quick start](#quick-start)
 * [Documentation](#documentation)
 * [Bugs and feature requests](#bugs-and-feature-requests)
 * [Compiling CSS and JavaScript](#Customizing-and-building)
 * [Issues and feature requests](#issues-and-feature-requests)
 * [Contributing](#contributing)
 * [Developing](#developing)
 * [Philosophy and authors](#philosophy-and-authors)
 * [Copyright and license](#copyright-and-license)

## Quick start

1. Install with [Bower](https://github.com/bower/bower):

    ```
    bower install fuelux
    ```
2. Use AMD (such as [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org)) to reference the FuelUX folder in your paths configuration, wherever it is located:

    ```javascript
    require.config({
        paths: {
            'fuelux': 'http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/'
            //...
        }
    });
    ```
3. List any individual fuelux controls needed as dependencies within your application modules (eg. [checkbox](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/javascript.html#checkbox)):

    ```javascript
  define(function(require) {
    var checkbox = require('fuelux/checkbox');
      //...
  });
    ```
4. Use FuelUX in your HTML within the fuelux wrapper class (eg. [checkbox](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/javascript.html#checkbox)):

    ```html
  <body class="fuelux">
    <!-- .... -->
    <div class="checkbox">
      <label class="checkbox-custom" data-initialize="checkbox" id="myCustomCheckbox">
        <input class="sr-only" type="checkbox" value="">
        <span class="checkbox-label">Custom checkbox unchecked on page load</span>
      </label>
    </div>
    <!-- .... -->
  </body>
    ```

## Documentation

### Live docs and demos

View [live documentation and demos](http://exacttarget.github.com/fuelux) on GitHub pages.

### Automated Testing Status
|TravisCI|Development Modules|Browser Support|
|:---|:---:|:---:|----:|----:|
|[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ExactTarget/fuelux.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/ExactTarget/fuelux) |[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ExactTarget/fuelux/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ExactTarget/fuelux#info=devDependencies)|[![Selenium Test Status](https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/fuelux.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/u/fuelux)|


### Download
Fuel UX can be obtained one of three ways:

1. **Best way:** Install with a dependency manager:

   Using [Bower](https://github.com/bower/bower):

   ```
   bower install fuelux
   ```
   Update with `bower update fuelux`.

   Using [Volo](https://github.com/volojs/volo):

   ```
   volo add fuelux

   ```
   Update with `volo add -f fuelux`.

   This ensures you get all the [dependencies](#dependencies).

2. **Another good way:** Clone the Git repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/
   ```

   Cloning the repository ensures you can apply future updates to FuelUX easily, but requires to you manage its [dependencies](#dependencies) on your own.

3. **Also an option:** Download a .zip archive of the [latest release](http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/fuelux.zip)  or request files from [the FuelUX CDN](http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/).

   *Note: Using FuelUX in this way can make updating to future releases difficult. This approach is not recommended.*


### Dependencies
Fuel UX is dependent upon [Bootstrap 3](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) and [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery). If you installed by cloning the repo or by downloading a .zip archive, you'll also want to grab these things, as it just won't work without them.
- [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery)
- [Bootstrap 3](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap)


### What's included

A download of FuelUX provides the following directories and files, which are grouped according to file type:
```
fuelux/
├── css/
│   ├── fuelux.css
│   ├── fuelux.min.css
├── js/
│   ├── fuelux.js
│   └── fuelux.min.js
└── fonts/
    ├── fuelux.eot
    ├── fuelux.svg
    ├── fuelux.ttf
    └── fuelux.woff
```
We provide compiled CSS and JS (like `fuelux.*`), as well as compiled and minified CSS and JS (like `fuelux.min.*`) in the `dist` folder.

### UMD/AMD Support

We recommend only loading the controls you need (eg `fuelux/checkbox`).

If using AMD (such as [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org)), reference the FuelUX directory in your paths configuration, wherever it is located:
```javascript
require.config({
    paths: {
        'fuelux': 'http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/'
        //...
    }
});
```
Then list any individual fuelux controls needed as dependencies within your application modules:
```javascript
define(function(require) {
    var spinbox = require('fuelux/spinbox');
    //...
});
```
For your convenience when you are using AMD, you can just use `fuelux/all` instead of listing each module individually, but this is not recommended.

Fuel UX also supports placing components in their own `<script>` tags. Be sure to put modules in the correct order if loading them in this method (although this order is a secret known only to 29th level wizards/enchantresses and 11th degree JS ninjas).

## Bugs and feature requests

Have a bug or a feature request? Please first review the [open issues](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues), then search for existing and closed issues. If your problem or idea is not addressed yet, [please open a new issue](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues/new).

You can visit [Code@](https://code.exacttarget.com/) for general information and search [FuelUX tagged questions on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/fuelux).

### Previous releases


[Documentation for v2.6](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/2.6/) has been made available for the time being while folks transition to Bootstrap 3. You can download 2.6 updates (bug fixes only) from the [fuelux2 branch](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/tree/fuelux2).

## Compiling CSS and JavaScript

FuelUX is lightweight to give you a fast dependable foundation to build upon. It uses [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) with convenient methods for working with the library. It's how we compile our code, run tests, and more. To use it, install the required dependencies as directed, and then run some Grunt tasks.

### Install Grunt

From the command line:

1. Install `grunt-cli` globally with `npm install -g grunt-cli`.
2. Navigate to the root `/bootstrap` directory, then run `npm install`. npm will look at [package.json](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/package.json) and automatically install the necessary local dependencies listed there.

When completed, you'll be able to run the various Grunt commands provided from the command line.

**Unfamiliar with npm? Don't have node installed?** npm stands for [node packaged modules](http://npmjs.org/) and is a way to manage development dependencies through node.js. [Download and install node.js](http://nodejs.org/download/) before proceeding.

### Grunt Tasks

#### Build - `grunt`
Run `grunt` to run tests locally and compile the CSS and JavaScript into `dist`. Uses [Less](http://lesscss.org/) and [UglifyJS](http://lisperator.net/uglifyjs/).

#### Testing - `grunt test`
Runs [JSHint](http://jshint.com), [HTML validation](https://www.npmjs.org/package/grunt-html-validation), and [QUnit](http://qunitjs.com/) tests headlessly in [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/). `grunt releasetest` uses multiple versions of jQuery.

#### Watch - `grunt serve`
This is a convenience method for watching source files and automatically building them when you save. To compile only CSS without running unit tests, use `grunt servecss`.

_`grünt saucelabs` and `grunt trickysauce` can be run locally instead of through TravisCI, but require the FuelUX Saucelabs API key file which is not public at this time._

### Troubleshooting dependencies

Should you encounter problems with installing dependencies or running Grunt commands, uninstall all previous dependency versions (global and local). Then, rerun `npm install`.

## Contributing
Before writing code, we suggest you [search for issues](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues?state=open) or [create a new one](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues/new) to confirm where your contribution fits into
our roadmap.

Please do not edit files in the `dist` directory as they are generated via grunt. You'll find source code in the respective `js`, `less`, and `fonts` directory.

Take care to maintain the existing coding style (tabs, clarity over brevity, declarative markup, semicolons, etc).

Please review the [ExactTarget JavaScript style guide](https://github.com/ExactTarget/javascript) if you have any questions.

## Developing

Be sure to add unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

To serve the test page and lint your changes run `grunt serve` while developing. View the test page at [http://localhost:8000/test/](http://localhost:8000/test/). The `serve` task will run lint and unit tests against saved code.

While grunt can run the included unit tests via PhantomJS, this isn't a substitute for running tests across a variety of browsers and environments. Please be sure to test in as many of the browsers listed in `sauce_browsers.yml` as you can before contributing.

Read more about [contributing to FuelUX](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/wiki/Contributing-to-Fuel-UX)

##Philosophy and authors

### The Fuel UX Philosophy
Our aim is to provide a suite of related but independent projects that help web developers integrate, manage, and customize quality libraries and utilities to more efficiently develop, maintain, test, and distribute their projects.  Any improvements or fixes we make to the open source projects, we use will be contributed upstream if they are useful to the rest of the community.

|Project Maintainers (a-z)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | |
|:----|----:|
|Stephen James | [![tweetllama on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/tweetllama) [![interactivellama on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/interactivellama)|
|Kevin Parkerson  | [![kevinparkerson on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/kevinparkerson) [![kevinparkerson on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/kevinparkerson)|

|Major Contributors&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | |
|:----|----:|
|Matt Beard |[![mbeard on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/mbeard) |
|Bryan Kohlmeier |[![bkohlmeier on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/bkohlmeier) |
|Dustin McCormick | [![djmccormick on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/djmccormick) [![djmccormick on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/djmccormick)|
|Christopher McCulloh | [![@cmcculloh on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/cmcculloh) [![cmcculloh on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/cmcculloh)|
|Scott Plumlee | [![scottplumlee on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/scottplumlee) [![plumlee on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/plumlee)|
|Marvin Pribble | [![marvinpribble on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/marvinpribble)|
|Ryan Moore | [![rbmoore on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/rbmoore)|
|Steven Rogers | [![soldoutactivist on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/soldoutactivist)|
|*Alex Vernacchia (current)* | [![vernacchia on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/vernacchia) [![vernak2539 on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/vernak2539)|
|*David Waltz (current)* | [![dwaltz on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/dwaltz)|

|Original Author&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | |
|:----|----:|
|Adam Alexander |[![adamalex on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/adamalex) [![adamalex on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/adamalex) |

And thank you to all those that have submitted issues and contributed to this library.

## Copyright and license

Copyright &copy; 2012-2014 ExactTarget, Inc.

View [BSD-3 license](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/blob/master/LICENSE).


[![githalytics.com alpha](https://cruel-carlota.pagodabox.com/8b519d39e18063752f24876583a6526b "githalytics.com")](http://githalytics.com/ExactTarget/fuelux)

Commit message:

Change README to explicitly say "don't commit dist"

README.md, after:

#[Fuel UX](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/)

Fuel UX extends [Bootstrap 3](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) with additional lightweight JavaScript controls. It is actively maintained by [members of ExactTarget, a salesforce.com company,](https://github.com/orgs/ExactTarget/people) with the support and involvement of the community.

All functionality is covered by the [live documentation](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/) and [unit tests](#automated-testing-status).

## Table of contents

 * [Quick start](#quick-start)
 * [Documentation](#documentation)
 * [Bugs and feature requests](#bugs-and-feature-requests)
 * [Compiling CSS and JavaScript](#Customizing-and-building)
 * [Issues and feature requests](#issues-and-feature-requests)
 * [Contributing](#contributing)
 * [Developing](#developing)
 * [Philosophy and authors](#philosophy-and-authors)
 * [Copyright and license](#copyright-and-license)

## Quick start

1. Install with [Bower](https://github.com/bower/bower):

    ```
    bower install fuelux
    ```
2. Use AMD (such as [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org)) to reference the FuelUX folder in your paths configuration, wherever it is located:

    ```javascript
    require.config({
        paths: {
            'fuelux': 'http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/'
            //...
        }
    });
    ```
3. List any individual fuelux controls needed as dependencies within your application modules (eg. [checkbox](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/javascript.html#checkbox)):

    ```javascript
  define(function(require) {
    var checkbox = require('fuelux/checkbox');
      //...
  });
    ```
4. Use FuelUX in your HTML within the fuelux wrapper class (eg. [checkbox](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/javascript.html#checkbox)):

    ```html
  <body class="fuelux">
    <!-- .... -->
    <div class="checkbox">
      <label class="checkbox-custom" data-initialize="checkbox" id="myCustomCheckbox">
        <input class="sr-only" type="checkbox" value="">
        <span class="checkbox-label">Custom checkbox unchecked on page load</span>
      </label>
    </div>
    <!-- .... -->
  </body>
    ```

## Documentation

### Live docs and demos

View [live documentation and demos](http://exacttarget.github.com/fuelux) on GitHub pages.

### Automated Testing Status
|TravisCI|Development Modules|Browser Support|
|:---|:---:|:---:|----:|----:|
|[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ExactTarget/fuelux.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/ExactTarget/fuelux) |[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ExactTarget/fuelux/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ExactTarget/fuelux#info=devDependencies)|[![Selenium Test Status](https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/fuelux.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/u/fuelux)|


### Download
Fuel UX can be obtained one of three ways:

1. **Best way:** Install with a dependency manager:

   Using [Bower](https://github.com/bower/bower):

   ```
   bower install fuelux
   ```
   Update with `bower update fuelux`.

   Using [Volo](https://github.com/volojs/volo):

   ```
   volo add fuelux

   ```
   Update with `volo add -f fuelux`.

   This ensures you get all the [dependencies](#dependencies).

2. **Another good way:** Clone the Git repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/
   ```

   Cloning the repository ensures you can apply future updates to FuelUX easily, but requires to you manage its [dependencies](#dependencies) on your own.

3. **Also an option:** Download a .zip archive of the [latest release](http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/fuelux.zip)  or request files from [the FuelUX CDN](http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/).

   *Note: Using FuelUX in this way can make updating to future releases difficult. This approach is not recommended.*


### Dependencies
Fuel UX is dependent upon [Bootstrap 3](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) and [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery). If you installed by cloning the repo or by downloading a .zip archive, you'll also want to grab these things, as it just won't work without them.
- [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery)
- [Bootstrap 3](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap)


### What's included

A download of FuelUX provides the following directories and files, which are grouped according to file type:
```
fuelux/
├── css/
│   ├── fuelux.css
│   ├── fuelux.min.css
├── js/
│   ├── fuelux.js
│   └── fuelux.min.js
└── fonts/
    ├── fuelux.eot
    ├── fuelux.svg
    ├── fuelux.ttf
    └── fuelux.woff
```
We provide compiled CSS and JS (like `fuelux.*`), as well as compiled and minified CSS and JS (like `fuelux.min.*`) in the `dist` folder.

### UMD/AMD Support

We recommend only loading the controls you need (eg `fuelux/checkbox`).

If using AMD (such as [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org)), reference the FuelUX directory in your paths configuration, wherever it is located:
```javascript
require.config({
    paths: {
        'fuelux': 'http://www.fuelcdn.com/fuelux/3.1.0/'
        //...
    }
});
```
Then list any individual fuelux controls needed as dependencies within your application modules:
```javascript
define(function(require) {
    var spinbox = require('fuelux/spinbox');
    //...
});
```
For your convenience when you are using AMD, you can just use `fuelux/all` instead of listing each module individually, but this is not recommended.

Fuel UX also supports placing components in their own `<script>` tags. Be sure to put modules in the correct order if loading them in this method (although this order is a secret known only to 29th level wizards/enchantresses and 11th degree JS ninjas).

## Bugs and feature requests

Have a bug or a feature request? Please first review the [open issues](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues), then search for existing and closed issues. If your problem or idea is not addressed yet, [please open a new issue](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues/new).

You can visit [Code@](https://code.exacttarget.com/) for general information and search [FuelUX tagged questions on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/fuelux).

### Previous releases


[Documentation for v2.6](http://exacttarget.github.io/fuelux/2.6/) has been made available for the time being while folks transition to Bootstrap 3. You can download 2.6 updates (bug fixes only) from the [fuelux2 branch](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/tree/fuelux2).

## Compiling CSS and JavaScript

FuelUX is lightweight to give you a fast dependable foundation to build upon. It uses [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) with convenient methods for working with the library. It's how we compile our code, run tests, and more. To use it, install the required dependencies as directed, and then run some Grunt tasks.

### Install Grunt

From the command line:

1. Install `grunt-cli` globally with `npm install -g grunt-cli`.
2. Navigate to the root `/bootstrap` directory, then run `npm install`. npm will look at [package.json](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/package.json) and automatically install the necessary local dependencies listed there.

When completed, you'll be able to run the various Grunt commands provided from the command line.

**Unfamiliar with npm? Don't have node installed?** npm stands for [node packaged modules](http://npmjs.org/) and is a way to manage development dependencies through node.js. [Download and install node.js](http://nodejs.org/download/) before proceeding.

### Grunt Tasks

#### Build - `grunt`
Run `grunt` to run tests locally and compile the CSS and JavaScript into `dist`. Uses [Less](http://lesscss.org/) and [UglifyJS](http://lisperator.net/uglifyjs/).

#### Testing - `grunt test`
Runs [JSHint](http://jshint.com), [HTML validation](https://www.npmjs.org/package/grunt-html-validation), and [QUnit](http://qunitjs.com/) tests headlessly in [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/). `grunt releasetest` uses multiple versions of jQuery.

#### Watch - `grunt serve`
This is a convenience method for watching source files and automatically building them when you save. To compile only CSS without running unit tests, use `grunt servecss`.

_`grünt saucelabs` and `grunt trickysauce` can be run locally instead of through TravisCI, but require the FuelUX Saucelabs API key file which is not public at this time._

### Troubleshooting dependencies

Should you encounter problems with installing dependencies or running Grunt commands, uninstall all previous dependency versions (global and local). Then, rerun `npm install`.

## Contributing
Before writing code, we suggest you [search for issues](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues?state=open) or [create a new one](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/issues/new) to confirm where your contribution fits into
our roadmap.

Please do not edit or commit files in the `dist` directory as they are generated via grunt. You'll find source files in the respective `js`, `less`, and `fonts` directory. Project maintainers will commit files in the `dist` directory from time to time.

Take care to maintain the existing coding style (tabs, clarity over brevity, declarative markup, semicolons, etc).

Please review the [ExactTarget JavaScript style guide](https://github.com/ExactTarget/javascript) if you have any questions.

## Developing

Be sure to add unit tests for any new or changed functionality.

To serve the test page and lint your changes run `grunt serve` while developing. View the test page at [http://localhost:8000/test/](http://localhost:8000/test/). The `serve` task will run lint and unit tests against saved code.

While grunt can run the included unit tests via PhantomJS, this isn't a substitute for running tests across a variety of browsers and environments. Please be sure to test in as many of the browsers listed in `sauce_browsers.yml` as you can before contributing.

Read more about [contributing to FuelUX](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/wiki/Contributing-to-Fuel-UX)

##Philosophy and authors

### The Fuel UX Philosophy
Our aim is to provide a suite of related but independent projects that help web developers integrate, manage, and customize quality libraries and utilities to more efficiently develop, maintain, test, and distribute their projects.  Any improvements or fixes we make to the open source projects, we use will be contributed upstream if they are useful to the rest of the community.

|Project Maintainers (a-z)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | |
|:----|----:|
|Stephen James | [![tweetllama on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/tweetllama) [![interactivellama on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/interactivellama)|
|Kevin Parkerson  | [![kevinparkerson on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/kevinparkerson) [![kevinparkerson on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/kevinparkerson)|

|Major Contributors&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | |
|:----|----:|
|Matt Beard |[![mbeard on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/mbeard) |
|Bryan Kohlmeier |[![bkohlmeier on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/bkohlmeier) |
|Dustin McCormick | [![djmccormick on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/djmccormick) [![djmccormick on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/djmccormick)|
|Christopher McCulloh | [![@cmcculloh on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/cmcculloh) [![cmcculloh on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/cmcculloh)|
|Scott Plumlee | [![scottplumlee on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/scottplumlee) [![plumlee on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/plumlee)|
|Marvin Pribble | [![marvinpribble on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/marvinpribble)|
|Ryan Moore | [![rbmoore on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/rbmoore)|
|Steven Rogers | [![soldoutactivist on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/soldoutactivist)|
|*Alex Vernacchia (current)* | [![vernacchia on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/vernacchia) [![vernak2539 on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/vernak2539)|
|*David Waltz (current)* | [![dwaltz on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/dwaltz)|

|Original Author&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | |
|:----|----:|
|Adam Alexander |[![adamalex on Twitter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertobird-sm.png)](http://twitter.com/adamalex) [![adamalex on Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/gh-pages/invertocat-sm.png)](http://github.com/adamalex) |

And thank you to all those that have submitted issues and contributed to this library.

## Copyright and license

Copyright &copy; 2012-2014 ExactTarget, Inc.

View [BSD-3 license](https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/blob/master/LICENSE).


[![githalytics.com alpha](https://cruel-carlota.pagodabox.com/8b519d39e18063752f24876583a6526b "githalytics.com")](http://githalytics.com/ExactTarget/fuelux)
